---
title: CV_Jiseul Park
categories: About-me
date: 2023-09-15 10:00:00
---
You can also check my CV right top of this blog.

I'm expanding my research area including the utilization of industrial byproducts such as steel slags and bottom ashes that have not been fully used for building materials. 

## Research interest
- Carbon Mineralization
- Industrial By-products (currently working on BOF slag)
- Sustainable cementitious material
- Functional Admixtures
- Data-driven approach
## Research experience
- **Postdoctoral Researcher** Mar. 2023 - Present 
	Civil Environmental Engineering, College of Engineering, Seoul National University, Korea
	- Improving the reactivity of steel slag for sustainable construction materials
	- Synthesis of calcium-silicate-hydrate from calcium carbonate and silica-rich material using catalysts
	- Characterization of carbonation kinetics of industrial by-products using Raman microspectroscopy
- **Researcher** Sep. 2017 - Mar. 2023 
	Architecture and Architectural Engineering, College of Engineering, Seoul National University, Korea
	- Nondestructive analysis on cement composites using small-angle X-ray scattering and Raman microspectroscopy 
	- Microstructure analysis of ultra-high performance concrete incorporating admixtures
	- Development of an analytical model for concrete structures during additive manufacturing

## Projects
- Examination on the carbonation and CO2 absorption of steel slag using data-driven model and Raman microspectroscopy, National Research Foundation of Korea, Korea (Jun. 2023 - May. 2025)
- Development of innovative design, material, and equipment for 3D printing small buildings/freeform members, Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, Korea (Sep. 2017 - Dec. 2021)

## Patent applications
- “Quantification method of dispersion of CNT in CNT composites using spatially-resolved small angle X-ray scattering”, Juhyuk Moon, Sung-gul Hong, Jiseul Park, Myungjun Jung, Korean Patent, 10-2528011 (2023).
- “Method for quantifying the degree of carbon-based nanomaterials dispersion in cement-based composite and method for nondestructive quality evaluation of cement-based structure containing carbon-based nanomaterials using the same”, Juhyuk Moon, Sung-gul Hong, Jiseul Park, Provisional Patent (2022).
## Education
- <u>2017-2023</u> **Ph.D.** in Architecture and Architectural Engineering, Seoul National University  
	- Advisor: Professor Sung-gul Hong (4.05/4.3)  
	- Title: Quantitative Evaluation on Carbon Nanotube Distribution for Functional Ultra-high Performance Concrete
- <u>2012-2017</u> **B.S.** in Architecture and Architectural Engineering, Seoul National University 
	- Advisor: Professor Moonseo Park (3.71/4.3, Cum Laude)

